Add getEntity and getEcryptionKeyIDs functions to key and message types respectively (#55)
ProtonMail/gopenpgp: CHANGELOG.md

(msg *PGPMessage) GetArmoredWithCustomHeaders(comment, version string) (string, error)
```

> - Now one could get key IDs of keys to which the session key is encrypted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extraction of encryption key IDs from a PGP message, i.e. the IDs of the keys used in the encryption of the session key
```

```go
func (msg *PGPMessage) getEncryptionKeyIDs() ([]uint64, bool)
```

> get x/crypto Entity (components of an OpenPGP key) from Key struct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Getter for the x/crypto Entity (internal components of an OpenPGP key) from Key struct
```
